README.md, before:

![vscode tweet logo](./screenshots/logo.png)
# VS CODE TWEET
A Twitter client one click away at your VS CODE activity bar.

![VSCODE TWEET Demo](./screenshots/shot.gif)


## Features
- Post new tweets (Update status).
- View profile details
- View your timeline.
- Favorite, Un-favorite tweets.
- Reply to tweets and Retweets.
- View your activities
- Retweet and Un-retweet.
- View trending hashtags.
- Automatically checks for new tweets.

# Setting Up
## 1. Install VS CODE TWEET
Install vs code tweet extension from visual studio code marketplace. [Install VS CODE TWEET](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ahkohd.vscode-tweet) 

>[Follow this link for a detailed tutorial on how to set vscode tweet up](https://link.medium.com/pcRknlgTsU)

## 2. Create A Twitter App
In other to use VS CODE TWEET, you need to create a twitter at the Twitter developer console. [http://developer.twitter.com](http://developer.twitter.com)

### Note:
    1. Set the Twitter app permission to read and write.
    2. You can disable OAuth authentication, it is of no need for this application

## 3. Get Twitter App API Credentials
Under the **Keys and Tokens** section of your Twitter app at the Twitter developer console. Note / Copy down the following
- Consumer API Key
- Consumer API Secret
- Access Token Key
- Access Token Secret

## 4. Activate VS CODE TWEET and Setup API Credentials
Upon activation, VS CODE TWEET prompts you to set up your Twitter's API credentials.
Once the **VS CODE TWEET** settings UI is opened, Search for `tweet` or goto to the extension section at the side and locate **VS CODE TWEET**. You should now see **VS CODE TWEET** extension settings. Under the Twitter API credentials fields, fill in the credentials you got earlier correctly into the appropriate fields.

### NOTE
    After setting up credentials, You need to reload the window or VS CODE TWEET for the API Credentials to work.
A way to easily reload the window is to click the Twitter Icon at the side activity bar, under  **VS CODE TWEET** Settings section, click on `Reload VS CODE TWEET` option in the list.

###  NOTE
Still unable to set up, follow this link for a step by step detailed tutorial on [how to set it up.](https://link.medium.com/pcRknlgTsU)


## Contributing
 - Your commits conform to the conventions established [here
](https://github.com/conventional-changelog-archived-repos/conventional-changelog-angular/blob/master/convention.md)

Commit message:

Quick Fix,  README.md Update

README.md, after:

![vscode tweet logo](./screenshots/logo.png)
# VS CODE TWEET
A Twitter client one click away at your VS CODE activity bar.

![VSCODE TWEET Demo](./screenshots/shot.gif)


## What's New
**Don't Disturb Mode**: 
In this update, I've added  _Don't Distrub Mode_ option that disables VSCODE Tweet notifications. A requested feature from this github issue: [Allow changing loading/fetching tweets notification](https://github.com/ahkohd/vscode-tweet/issues/1)

To enable Don't Distrub Mode:
```
Open Vscode Tweet Settings > Search For dontdisturb > Check the box to enable this feature.
```


## Features
- Post new tweets (Update status).
- View profile details
- View your timeline.
- Favorite, Un-favorite tweets.
- Reply to tweets and Retweets.
- View your activities
- Retweet and Un-retweet.
- View trending hashtags.
- Automatically checks for new tweets.

# Setting Up
## 1. Install VS CODE TWEET
Install vs code tweet extension from visual studio code marketplace. [Install VS CODE TWEET](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ahkohd.vscode-tweet) 

>[Follow this link for a detailed tutorial on how to set vscode tweet up](https://link.medium.com/pcRknlgTsU)

## 2. Create A Twitter App
In other to use VS CODE TWEET, you need to create a twitter at the Twitter developer console. [http://developer.twitter.com](http://developer.twitter.com)

### Note:
    1. Set the Twitter app permission to read and write.
    2. You can disable OAuth authentication, it is of no need for this application

## 3. Get Twitter App API Credentials
Under the **Keys and Tokens** section of your Twitter app at the Twitter developer console. Note / Copy down the following
- Consumer API Key
- Consumer API Secret
- Access Token Key
- Access Token Secret

## 4. Activate VS CODE TWEET and Setup API Credentials
Upon activation, VS CODE TWEET prompts you to set up your Twitter's API credentials.
Once the **VS CODE TWEET** settings UI is opened, Search for `tweet` or goto to the extension section at the side and locate **VS CODE TWEET**. You should now see **VS CODE TWEET** extension settings. Under the Twitter API credentials fields, fill in the credentials you got earlier correctly into the appropriate fields.

### NOTE
    After setting up credentials, You need to reload the window or VS CODE TWEET for the API Credentials to work.
A way to easily reload the window is to click the Twitter Icon at the side activity bar, under  **VS CODE TWEET** Settings section, click on `Reload VS CODE TWEET` option in the list.

###  NOTE
Still unable to set up, follow this link for a step by step detailed tutorial on [how to set it up.](https://link.medium.com/pcRknlgTsU)


## Contributing
 - Your commits conform to the conventions established [here
](https://github.com/conventional-changelog-archived-repos/conventional-changelog-angular/blob/master/convention.md)
